[DOCS-12674] Update RUM alerting guide (#33053)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/types/real_user_monitoring.md

<div class="alert alert-info">There is a default limit of 1000 RUM monitors per account. If you are encountering this limit, consider using <a href="/monitors/configuration/?tab=thresholdalert#alert-grouping">multi alerts</a>, or <a href="/help/">Contact Support</a>.</div>

> From there, you can click **New Monitor**, then:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, click **New Monitor**, then choose one of the following methods:
```

Reviewer: The "you can" language implies that it's an optional step. 

I wasn't able to easily follow this workflow in the UI, specifically this step around clicking "New Monitor" once you're on this page - I don't see a New Monitor button here, just the option to choose a template and customize the search query. It's entirely possible that I'm missing it :) 

It's also worth considering tweaking this language to reflect that the user can either start with a template, or build a query fully from scratch (or start with a template and then modify that template's query) - that flow wasn't 100% clear to me from the doc and the UI is also a bit confusing. It could be as straightforward as appending to the end of this sentence "Next, choose one of the following methods to create your monitor"

When splitting the monitor by any dimension (tag or facet) and using a `below` condition, the alert is triggered **if and only if** there are RUM events for a given group, and the count is below the threshold—or if there are no RUM events for **all** of the groups.

#### Alerting examples

For example, this monitor triggers if and only if there are no RUM events for all applications:

  {{< img src="monitors/monitor_types/rum/rum_monitoring_by_application_id-1.png" alt="The monitor configuration page with the search query left blank, set to the count of all RUM events and grouped by @application.id over the last 5 minutes. The Set alert conditions section is configured to trigger when the value is below the threshold of 1, and if data is missing for more than 5 minutes it is configured to evaluate as zero" style="width:70%;" >}}

> And this monitor triggers if there are no logs for the application `Shop.ist`:

Reviewer: I know this wasn't part of your updates in this PR! Just wanted to tweak this to not start the sentence with "And"
